Possible solutions 

Working on my automation project I have made several mistakes along the way, and have learned how to implement many solutions too.
In the Beginning, I was using Ubnuntu to create my project. I was working on ubuntu for a while, before my computer crashed and unfortuately I lost all of my work.
I instead began using pycharm, to recreate my project. 
How this changed helped me instead, was that it was very user friendly, and allowed me to develop the alarm system. 
Its ability to do syntax highlighting, and its error detection capabilities provided aid for the coding process. It helped to reduce the likelihood of bugs and syntax errors, which I was constantly recieving while using the ubuntu terminal.
PyCharm allowed for endless navigation within my project, it enhanced my productivity by reducing the time spent on mundane tasks such as code refactoring and debugging.
Also, a solution that helped me was PyCharm's integration with version control systems like Git! This allowed me to organize my project, and was easily accessible. 

One of my biggest problems to overcome while create my project was constantly recieving "syntax errors." I would have to go back often and re-read my code to ensure that there were no mistakes, for this I had to use sources like: youtube, google, and chatgpt to help me find my mistakes. 
The "finding syntax errors" on pycharm also helped me very much in finding solutions to make my code run smoothly.

As a first time user of Pycharm this semester, what I learned about the app, is that it's extremely sensitve to cases, letters, brackets, and other variables.
I had to do alot of research as well to learn about common codes that are used with pycharm.
for example: import, if __name__ == "__main__":, def, etc)
If I had missed only one colon, or a bracket, the code would not run at all! This was very frustrating at the time because the process seemed never ending. 

Testing and Debugging: Ensuring the reliability of my "alarm reminder" through debugging was crucial but can very time-consuming.
A Solution I was able to learn and use was PyCharm's built-in debugging tools, such as breakpoints and variable inspection, which helped me to identify and resolve issues in my code. 
